README.md, before:

# **Mobiledoc**

A Python package aimed to simplify the processing of the mobiledoc format.

## **Features**

- **Simple API**: Intuitive methods to easily add text, formatted text, dividers, and custom data.
- **Markdown-like Formatting**: Write using familiar markdown-like syntax, and let the package do the heavy lifting.
- **Serialization**: Serialize the mobiledoc object into a JSON-friendly format.

## **Installation**

`pip install mobiledoc`
[PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/mobiledoc/)

## **Example**

```python
from mobiledoc import Mobiledoc
import json

mobiledoc = Mobiledoc()
mobiledoc.add_basic_text("This is a basic text, which is not formatted.")
mobiledoc.add_basic_text(["You may also add a list of strings.", "To add multiple paragraphs."])
mobiledoc.add_divider()  # add a divider
mobiledoc.add_formatted_text("Using **markdown-like** syntax, you can *format* the text.")
mobiledoc.add_formatted_text(["You may also add a `list of strings`.", "To ^add^ ^^multiple^^ paragraphs.",
                              "You can also add [hyperlinks](https://python.org)."])

mobiledoc = mobiledoc.serialize()  # This will save the mobiledoc as a dictionary

with open('doc.json', 'w') as f:
    json.dump(mobiledoc, f, indent=4)  # check out the doc.json file to see the mobiledoc just created!

```
This will create redy-to-use mobiledoc like below. (click expand to see the mobiledoc)
<details>
  <summary>Full mobiledoc</summary>

  ```json
  {
      "version": "0.3.2",
      "markups": [
          ["b"],
          ["i"],
          ["code"],
          ["sub"],
          ["sup"],
          ["a", ["href", "https://python.org"]]
      ],
      "atoms": [],
      "cards": [
          ["hr", {}]
      ],
      "sections": [
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "This is a basic text, which is not formatted."]
          ]],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "You may also add a list of strings."]
          ]],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "To add multiple paragraphs."]
          ]],
          [10, 0],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "Using "],
              [0, [0], 1, "markdown-like"],
              [0, [], 0, " syntax, you can "],
              [0, [1], 1, "format"],
              [0, [], 0, " the text."]
          ]],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "You may also add a "],
              [0, [2], 1, "list of strings"],
              [0, [], 0, "."]
          ]],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "To "],
              [0, [3], 1, "add"],
              [0, [], 0, " "],
              [0, [4], 1, "multiple"],
              [0, [], 0, " paragraphs."]
          ]],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "You can also add "],
              [0, [5], 1, "hyperlinks"],
              [0, [], 0, "."]
          ]]
      ]
  }
  ```
</details>

## **API**

### Composing mobiledoc
- **`add_basic_text(text: Union[str, List[str]])`**: Adds basic text to mobiledoc.
- **`add_formatted_text(text: Union[str, List[str]])`**: Adds markdown-like formatted text to mobiledoc.
  - **Supported Markdown-like Patterns:**
    ```
    **: bold
    *: italic
    ~~: strikethrough
    ^^: superscript
    ^: subscript
    __: underline
    `: code
    [text](link): hyperlink
    ```
- **`add_divider()`**: Adds a divider to mobiledoc.
- **`add_image(url: str, caption: str = None)`**: Adds an image to mobiledoc.
- **`add_button(text: str, url: str, alignment:str = "center")`**: Adds a button to mobiledoc.
- **`add_HTML(self, html:str):`**: Adds raw HTML card to mobiledoc.
- **`add_markdown(self, markdown:str):`**: Adds raw markdown card to mobiledoc.
- **`add_file(self, url: str, filename: str, filetitle: str, filesize: int, filecaption: str = ""):`**: Adds a file to mobiledoc.
- **`def add_callout(self, text: str, emoji: str = "", color: str = "accent"):`**: Adds a callout to mobiledoc.



- **`custom_data(name: str, value)`**: Adds custom data to mobiledoc.

### Serializing mobiledoc
- **`serialize()`**: Returns the serialized mobiledoc Python dictionary that can be passed to `json.dump()`.

### Checking mobiledoc
- **`get_markups()`**: Returns the current markups.
- **`get_sections()`**: Returns the current sections.
- **`get_atoms()`**: Returns the current atoms.
- **`get_cards()`**: Returns the current cards.
- **`get_custom()`**: Returns the current custom data.


## **Contributing**

Contributions are welcome! Please submit a pull request or open an issue on GitHub.

---

I hope this README provides a clear overview of the **`mobiledoc`** package. You can further customize it as per your needs!

Commit message:

Added add_markdown_from_html() method

README.md, after:

# **Mobiledoc**

A Python package aimed to simplify the processing of the mobiledoc format.

## **Features**

- **Simple API**: Intuitive methods to easily add text, formatted text, dividers, and custom data.
- **Markdown-like Formatting**: Write using familiar markdown-like syntax, and let the package do the heavy lifting.
- **Convert HTML to Markdown**: Convert HTML to markdown using the `add_markdown_from_html()` method.
- **Serialization**: Serialize the mobiledoc object into a JSON-friendly format.

## **Installation**

`pip install mobiledoc`
[PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/mobiledoc/)

## **Example**

```python
from mobiledoc import Mobiledoc
import json

mobiledoc = Mobiledoc()
mobiledoc.add_basic_text("This is a basic text, which is not formatted.")
mobiledoc.add_basic_text(["You may also add a list of strings.", "To add multiple paragraphs."])
mobiledoc.add_divider()  # add a divider
mobiledoc.add_formatted_text("Using **markdown-like** syntax, you can *format* the text.")
mobiledoc.add_formatted_text(["You may also add a `list of strings`.", "To ^add^ ^^multiple^^ paragraphs.",
                              "You can also add [hyperlinks](https://python.org)."])

mobiledoc = mobiledoc.serialize()  # This will save the mobiledoc as a dictionary

with open('doc.json', 'w') as f:
    json.dump(mobiledoc, f, indent=4)  # check out the doc.json file to see the mobiledoc just created!

```
This will create redy-to-use mobiledoc like below. (click expand to see the mobiledoc)
<details>
  <summary>Full mobiledoc</summary>

  ```json
  {
      "version": "0.3.2",
      "markups": [
          ["b"],
          ["i"],
          ["code"],
          ["sub"],
          ["sup"],
          ["a", ["href", "https://python.org"]]
      ],
      "atoms": [],
      "cards": [
          ["hr", {}]
      ],
      "sections": [
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "This is a basic text, which is not formatted."]
          ]],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "You may also add a list of strings."]
          ]],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "To add multiple paragraphs."]
          ]],
          [10, 0],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "Using "],
              [0, [0], 1, "markdown-like"],
              [0, [], 0, " syntax, you can "],
              [0, [1], 1, "format"],
              [0, [], 0, " the text."]
          ]],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "You may also add a "],
              [0, [2], 1, "list of strings"],
              [0, [], 0, "."]
          ]],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "To "],
              [0, [3], 1, "add"],
              [0, [], 0, " "],
              [0, [4], 1, "multiple"],
              [0, [], 0, " paragraphs."]
          ]],
          [1, "p", [
              [0, [], 0, "You can also add "],
              [0, [5], 1, "hyperlinks"],
              [0, [], 0, "."]
          ]]
      ]
  }
  ```
</details>

## **API**

### Composing mobiledoc
- **`add_basic_text(text: Union[str, List[str]])`**: Adds basic text to mobiledoc.
- **`add_formatted_text(text: Union[str, List[str]])`**: Adds markdown-like formatted text to mobiledoc.
  - **Supported Markdown-like Patterns:**
    ```
    **: bold
    *: italic
    ~~: strikethrough
    ^^: superscript
    ^: subscript
    __: underline
    `: code
    [text](link): hyperlink
    ```
- **`add_divider()`**: Adds a divider to mobiledoc.
- **`add_image(url: str, caption: str = None)`**: Adds an image to mobiledoc.
- **`add_button(text: str, url: str, alignment:str = "center")`**: Adds a button to mobiledoc.
- **`add_HTML(self, html:str):`**: Adds raw HTML card to mobiledoc.
- **`add_markdown(self, markdown:str):`**: Adds raw markdown card to mobiledoc.
- **`add_file(self, url: str, filename: str, filetitle: str, filesize: int, filecaption: str = ""):`**: Adds a file to mobiledoc.
- **`add_callout(self, text: str, emoji: str = "", color: str = "accent"):`**: Adds a callout to mobiledoc.
- **`add_markdown_from_html(html_string: str):`**: Adds markdown from HTML to mobiledoc.


- **`custom_data(name: str, value)`**: Adds custom data to mobiledoc.

### Serializing mobiledoc
- **`serialize()`**: Returns the serialized mobiledoc Python dictionary that can be passed to `json.dump()`.

### Checking mobiledoc
- **`get_markups()`**: Returns the current markups.
- **`get_sections()`**: Returns the current sections.
- **`get_atoms()`**: Returns the current atoms.
- **`get_cards()`**: Returns the current cards.
- **`get_custom()`**: Returns the current custom data.


## **Contributing**

Contributions are welcome! Please submit a pull request or open an issue on GitHub.

---

I hope this README provides a clear overview of the **`mobiledoc`** package. You can further customize it as per your needs!
